Analysis:
Figure 1, 1-1, 1-2, 1-3:
For data analysts, Excel, SQL are the most required skills, following by Power BI and Tableau. 
For data engineers, SQL, Cloud are the most required skills, following by Python, AWS and Spark. 
For data scientists, Python, Power BI and Cloud are the most required skills, follwing by Statistics, ML, SQL.

Figure 3-1:
The table shows the top 20 companies that posted data jobs in California, New York State, and Texas in the last 30 days. Among them, JPMorgan Chase Bank (76) , Visa (56) , Deloitte (54) are at the top.

Figure 3-2:
This diagram shows the top 5 companies in terms of the number of job postings for the positions Data Analyst, Data Engineer, and Data Scientist.
At JPMorgan Chase Bank and Citi, the job title with the highest demand is Data Analyst.
At Visa, the job title with the highest demand is Data Engineer.
At Deloitte, the number of Data Analyst and Data Engineer job postings is similar, ranging from 20-25.
At Amazon.com Services LLC, the most in-demand position is Data Scientist.

Figure 4:
In this section, we focus on the distribution of job numbers in three titles among different industries and we select top five industries. 
In general, we can see the total number of jobs in information technology is far ahead of jobs in other industries. 
To be specific, apart from information industry, health care is eager for employing many jobs for data analysts. 
Every industry needs a lot of jobs for data engineers since every company requires many technicians or programmers to develop data and deal with big data. 
Last, there are relatively many jobs for data scientists in financial services, healthcare and information technology. 
This also makes sense since data scientists may be resonsible for evaluating differnet models and abstracting their commericial values and providing suggestions, which are important for helath or financial analyses and model selection among information technology.

Figure 5-1:
In any of the three job categories, salaries of data engineers and data scientists are significantly higher than data analysts.
From the general perspective, workers earn more in California and New York than those in Texas.

Figure 5-2:
The box plots show the distribution of salaries of different job categories in different states, especially they can show the discrete values.
Although the average salary of data analysts is lower than the other two, there also exist several working opportunities to earn quite high, about 250000.
The average salary of data engineers is high and there are also several works earning very high, so earnings of data engineers are very high, which may mean that this job needs relatively high ability.
The distribution of salary of data scientists is relatively narrower than the other two, which may mean this job type provides a steady work.


Instruction:
Run analysis_plot.ipynb and we can get totally 7 plots for 5 sections. The detailed instructions for each figure are below.

Figure 1: 
Use pandas, matplot and wordcloud for this section.
1. Create a dataframe showing number of skills among three job titles.
(1) Create a dataframe by setting Title as an index.
(2) Modify it and create a new dataframe containing the rows of skills and the columns of job types.
2. Draw three pie plots showing the top 10 skills for each of the three job titles.
(a) Make pie plot of top 10 skills for data analysts: 
(i) Select the 'Data Analyst' column and create a new dataframe.
(ii) Sort skill numbers and select the top 10 skills.
(iii) Draw a pie plot for that modified dataframe.
(b) Make pie plot of top 10 skills for data engineers:
(i) Select the 'Data Engineers' column and create a new dataframe.
(ii) Sort skill numbers and select the top 10 skills.
(iii) Draw a pie plot for that modified dataframe.
(c) Make pie plot of top 10 skills for data scientists:
(1) Make pie plot of top 10 skills for data analysts: 
(i) Select the 'Data Analyst' column and create a new dataframe.
(ii) Sort skill numbers and select the top 10 skills.
(iii) Draw a pie plot for that modified dataframe.
(2) Make pie plot of top 10 skills for data engineers:
(i) Select the 'Data Engineers' column and create a new dataframe.
(ii) Sort skill numbers and select the top 10 skills.
(iii) Draw a pie plot for that modified dataframe.
(3) Make pie plot of top 10 skills for data scientists:
(i) Select the 'Data Scientist' column and create a new dataframe. 
(ii) Sort skill numbers and select the top 10 skills.
(iii) Draw a pie plot for that modified dataframe.
3. Display these 3 plots in one row.

Figure 1-1 instruction:
Draw three wordcloud plots showing the frequency of skills for each job titles.
(a) Create a new dataframe showing the number of all skills and sort them, by using dataframe of data analyst before.
(b) Create a wordcloud plot for that dataframe.

The instructions for Figure 1-2 and 1-3 are very similar to these two steps above.

Figure 3-1:
Use pandas for this section.
Count the top 20 companies in terms of number of jobs posted.

Figure 3-2:
Use pandas and matplot for this section.
(a) Select the top 5 companies among the top 20 companies in terms of number of jobs posted as dataframe company_top5.
(b) Count the jobs for each category and company combination as dataframe company_top5_2.
(c) Merge two dataframes: company_top5 left joins company_top5_2 on company_name, choosing three categories.
(d) Make the barplot of the number of jobs in each category posted by the top five companies, horizontalling the bar plot.
(e) Name the plot, x axis and y axis.
(f) Reorder the y axis. In other words, the company with the most job posted should appear first.

Figure 4:
Use pandas and matplot for this section.
(a) Count the top 5 industries in terms of number of jobs posted as dataframe industry_top5.
(b) Count the jobs for each category and industry combination as dataframe industry_top5_2.
(c) Merge two dataframes: industry_top5 left joins industry_top5_2 on industry, choosing three categories.
(d) Make the barplot of the number of jobs in each category posted by the top five industries, horizontalling the bar plot.
(e) Name the plot, x axis and y axis.
(f) Reorder the y axis. In other words, the industry with the most job posted should appear first.

Figure 5-1:
Use pandas, matplot for this section.
(a) Use the modified dataframe to group data by location and job title, and make the salary as mean values, then make a bar plot.
(b) Name the plot, x axis and y axis.

Figure 5-2:
Use pandas, matplot and sns for this section.
(a) Similarly, group data by location, set x axis as job title and y axis as salary, and then make a box plot.
(b) Nmae the plot, x axis and y axis.

