Analysis:

3-1:
The table shows the top 20 companies that posted data jobs in California, New York State, and Texas in the last 30 days. Among them JPMorgan Chase Bank (76) , Visa (56) , Deloitte (54) are at the top.

3-2:
This diagram shows the top 5 companies in terms of the number of job postings for the positions Data Analyst, Data Engineer, and Datra Scientist.
At JPMorgan Chase Bank and Citi, the job title with the highest demand is Data Analyst.
At Visa, the job title with the highest demand is Data Engineer.
At Deloitte, the number of Data Analyst and Data Engineer job postings is similar, ranging from 20-25.
At Amazon.com Services LLC, the most in-demand position is Data Scientist.




Instruction:

3-1:
Use pandas for this section.
Count the top 20 companies in terms of number of jobs posted.

3-2:
Use pandas and matplot for this section.
(a) Select the top 5 companies among the top 20 companies in terms of number of jobs posted as dataframe company_top5.
(b) Count the jobs for each category and company combination as dataframe company_top5_2.
(c) Merge two dataframes: company_top5 left joins company_top5_2 on company_name, choosing three categories.
(d) Make the barplot of the number of jobs in each category posted by the top five companies, horizontalling the bar plot.
(e) Name the plot, x axis and y axis.
(f) Reorder the y axis. In other words, the company with the most job posted should appear first.

4:
Use pandas and matplot for this section.
(a) Count the top 5 industries in terms of number of jobs posted as dataframe industry_top5.
(b) Count the jobs for each category and industry combination as dataframe industry_top5_2.
(c) Merge two dataframes: industry_top5 left joins industry_top5_2 on industry, choosing three categories.
(d) Make the barplot of the number of jobs in each category posted by the top five industries, horizontalling the bar plot.
(e) Name the plot, x axis and y axis.
(f) Reorder the y axis. In other words, the industry with the most job posted should appear first.